Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[children laughing]
[Jess Watson] I grew up on
the Sunshine Coast in Australia.
which means my family and I
were never far from the ocean.
If we weren't in it. we were on it.
We practically lived
on our boat. Home Abroad.
It was a tight fit.
Mum. Dad. and the four of us kids.
but we were happy
because we were together.
At night. Mum would tell us
stories about a starman in the sky.
then the waves would rock us to sleep.
I'll never forget
the first time I sailed by myself.
the rush of excitement
when my sail caught the wind.
the magic and the allure of the sea.
I was the captain
and the whole world was in front of me.
just waiting to be discovered.
I could hear the ocean calling my name.
[whale sings]
By the time I was 12. I was obsessed.
For four years.
I studied the ocean. the waves.
and learnt everything I could
about sailing boats.
I worked three part-time jobs
and saved money.
because I dreamed that one day
I would sail around the world.
["Walking on A Dream"
by Empire of the Sun plays]
♪ Walking on a dream ♪
♪ How can I explain? ♪
[volume increases]
♪ Talking to myself ♪
♪ Will I see again? ♪
♪ We are always running
For the thrill of it. thrill of it ♪
♪ Always pushing up the hill
Searching for the thrill of it ♪
♪ On and on and on
We are calling out. out again ♪
♪ Never looking down
I'm just in awe of what's in front of me ♪
♪ Is it real now? ♪
♪ Two people become one ♪
♪ I can feel it ♪
-[beeps]
-[music stops]
[clears throat]
[ominous music plays]
-[crashing]
-[groans]
[grunts]
[creaking]
-[crashing]
-[groaning]
[harsh metallic grating]
-[groans]
-[snapping and whipping]
[groans]
-[grating continues]
-[groans]
[grunts]
[yells]
-[exclaims]
-[clicks]
[metallic grating continues]
[rumbling]
[breathing heavily]
[rumbling and grating subside]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[clattering]
[bird warbling]
-[man grunts]
-[tools click and clatter]
[phone ringing]
Jess. how's the practice run going?
Cargo ship hit me.
Came out of nowhere.
You taking on water?
No. No. doesn't look like it.
but I've been dismasted.
[man] Why didn't the alarm go off?
[sighs] Okay. give me your coordinates.
Uh. we're at 26 degrees. 25… [sighs]
Jess. breathe.
Focus.
[exhales heavily]
[grunts in frustration]
[sighs]
[knocking]
[knocking continues]
Oh. my God. what happened?
She's okay.
Collided with a cargo ship.
She was hit by a cargo ship?
Cool. [chuckles]
Not cool. Tom.
Is she gonna be all right?
-I'm sure she'll be fine. Go back to bed.
-As if.
[Julie] Jess. are you hurt?
[Jess] No. Mum. I'm fine.
Really. I promise.
[sighs]
Thought we agreed. no collisions.
I couldn't help myself.
Can I talk to Jess?
I want to talk to Jess!
-Oh. can I talk to her?
-I haven't talked to her.
-Jess. was it a pirate ship?
-She's getting her coordinates wrong.
Okay. come on. That's it.
-I'm calling the Coast Guard.
-Don't.
Reporters will be lining the docks.
They are waiting for her to fail.
She cannot come limping back in.
-Do we know if the boat's seaworthy?
-She reckons it is.
-Oh. well. as long as the 16-year-old--
-Jess needs to know she can do this alone.
She's only 20 miles from the shore.
Now imagine if she does this.
and she's 2.000 miles
from the nearest port.
We'll be at the marina to meet you.
It's probably not that bad in daylight.
Thanks. Em.
-[chuckles softly]
-[phone beeps]
[sighs]
[gentle cheerful music plays]
[children chatter and play]
[Emily] Jess!
Okay. so when I say tack.
we're gonna switch the sail
to the other side.
You ready to win?
All right. guys. let's get started!
Hey! Jess. what's wrong?
-I'm not ready.
-No?
-Oh. sweetheart.
-[man] Don't want to go. kiddo?
[Julie] I think
we're still finding our sea legs.
-Fair enough.
-Well. I heard you're the favorite to win.
Yeah. Maybe.
[Roger chuckles]
[Emily] Come on. Jess!
[Julie] You won't know
what's out there unless you try.
[man] No. no. not too far.
Wait. Emily. wait!
[Emily] Quick. Jess!
[laughs]
[chuckles]
Whoa! [laughs]
Come here.
[grunts] There you go.
[laughs]
[inhales sharply]
[reporter] Jessica Watson's only sea trial
has been cut short. proving her critics…
[all speaking indistinctly]
[woman] Atherton! Hey. Atherton!
How come he's allowed down there?
[chuckles softly]
-Atherton.
-Ben.
Don't know what you lot
think you're doing here.
Well. I guess we're here because…
that boat is a shockingly tiny thing
to send a child out to sea in.
-It's pretty flimsy too.
-Leave it.
Vultures.
Then don't feed them.
Why aren't we feeding vultures?
It's not every day
that someone as young as your sister
tries to do what she's doing.
It's a big deal.
People have questions. that's all.
-Mm.
-[Ben] Plus. it makes her a target.
If she succeeds. she's a hero.
If she fails. well. tragedy sells.
She's ten.
[boat approaches]
They're looking for weakness.
Don't let 'em treat you any different.
You're a captain. got it?
[reporters all speaking and shouting]
[cameras clicking]
[people chatter excitedly]
All right. I'm Ben Bryant.
Jessica's advisor.
Jess.
I-- I'm Jessica Watson.
And. uh. I… I'm planning
on being the youngest person
to sail around the world
nonstop and unassisted.
Jessica. what happened last night?
-There was a collision.
-Were you at fault?
A cargo ship detoured from its route.
Jessica. this was night one
of your only test run.
How are you gonna make it around the world
if you can't make it between two ports?
Uh. and we're not here for you.
Thanks. Ben.
I believe I can.
[Atherton] You understand
what you're in for?
Uh. we're talking open ocean.
waves the size of apartment buildings.
70-knot winds.
I mean. this is
the Mount Everest of sailing.
Well. yes. the-- the route is challenging.
but. uh. I've sailed half my life. so I--
So a couple years then?
[reporters chuckle]
I've done the 10.000 nautical miles.
I'm qualified.
And we've prepared.
How could she prepare
for a cargo ship that ignores its radar?
So why didn't your proximity alarms
alert you before the crash?
-I forgot to turn them on.
-[reporters all speak]
Mr. and Mrs. Watson.
surely you have reservations hearing that?
She made a mistake.
It's one I'm certain she won't make again.
So you don't think 16 is too young?
Who are we to deny her her dreams?
She's worked hard and proven
she can do this every step of the way.
So when is the new departure day?
Uh. well. I guess we just have
to leave by mid-October.
So two weeks. Hmm. optimistic. no?
Well. it's the last window before
the Southern Ocean's filled with icebergs.
Jessica! Well. what about calls
by authorities to cancel altogether?
Ben. are you the right person
to bring this girl home?
Got a bit of experience.
But as captain in the Millennium Cup.
you lost one of your own crew members.
A Matt Turner.
Hey! That's enough.
-Well. let me finish--
-Nah. We're done here.
[reporters speak and shout]
[tender music plays]
[Ben] Four years of hard work
boils down to this.
[Jess] Ben. I looked at the radar
and I didn't see the ship.
And it was just a short nap.
So I didn't think that--
[Ben] No. you didn't think.
It was irresponsible. Jess.
You know you kept getting
your coordinates wrong too?
[sighs]
It's your state of mind
that matters out there.
If dyslexia takes over. you are lost
in the middle of the ocean. mate.
All right. All right. we get it.
Do you reckon we can fix it?
Bit of a dog's breakfast. but…
-Yeah. there's some life left in her yet.
-[laughs]
I mean. these aren't
small repairs. though.
We've got no money. no manpower.
no location to even fix it.
Yeah. but won't my sponsors help?
Not sure they'll want to pay
for a new mast twice over.
We can get creative with a lot of it.
You know. reuse this rig.
patch where possible.
Not a chance.
We do it right. down to the smallest bolt.
But what if we can't get the money?
-Then you wait another year.
-Dad!
Your safety is
the only thing that matters.
And I have no problem calling this off
if things aren't done properly.
You know… maybe we should regardless.
This has been quite the wake-up call.
-No. It was an accident--
-Hey. no one's making any decisions now.
Let's wait and see what the sponsors
have to say first. Right. Jess?
Yeah. Yeah. right.
-[bangs]
-[all exclaim]
Oh!
[sighs]
[Ben] Ugh.
[reporter on TV] Last year's NRL
Grand Final winners. the Manly Sea Eagles.
look set to take out
the premiership again this year
after thrashing the Melbourne Storm
34-6 over the weekend.
This will be Manly's
third consecutive Grand Final.
[Julie] Don't forget netball after school.
-Eyes on me. And…
-Yep. And. go!
[Roger] Oi. very good!
Don't think anything new's
gonna appear in there. Tom.
-[Tom groans]
-[Roger] Very good.
-You're gonna make yourself dizzy.
-I know!
-Got you!
-Oi! Cut it out!
-Would they pay me for interviews?
-Not enough for repairs.
-[reporter] Jessica Watson's adventure…
-Jess. look!
…began when her family packed up
their lives and traveled across Australia.
When she read
solo sailor Jesse Martin's book.
she was inspired
to circumnavigate the globe.
While homeschooled.
12-year-old Jessica began training
with infamous sailor Ben Bryant.
and worked rigorously to pursue her dream.
But has that dream
turned into a nightmare?
Whoa! Plot twist!
Child welfare groups are calling
the attempt by the schoolgirl
irresponsible and dangerous.
They can't help themselves.
A child does not have the ability
to understand the risks involved.
You'd think they'd have something
bloody better to talk about.
The question on everyone's lips.
"Is Jessica Watson too young.
and where are her parents in all of this?"
You do have to wonder
if this is Jessica's dream or theirs.
It's on social media too.
They're calling us "bogan pirates."
[laughs]
Oh. come on. that's great.
Let me write a comment!
-No. Hannah.
-[Roger] No. Hanna. no.
The Queensland government
is working on a bill
to stop Jessica from sailing.
citing child welfare.
They can't do that! Can they?
[line ringing]
[woman on recording] The person
you are calling is unavailable.
Please try again.
[phone snaps shut]
[Jess groans]
It can't be that bad.
Oh. no.
No. just everything's falling apart.
Sheds are booked up.
Can't afford help or parts. and now.
none of my sponsors are responding.
You have to give them a minute.
[Jess] I don't have time.
[sighs] I bet they're watching the news.
-Everyone's saying I can't do it.
-Who cares?
-You think you can.
-Only if I get Pink fixed in time.
I know things
aren't going according to plan.
and… I know how frustrating that is.
But it's when things go wrong
that your true character's revealed.
And right now. I'm looking at a strong.
committed. tenacious young woman
who will figure this out.
So I'm not those things
the rest of the time?
No. the rest of the time
you're an absolute nightmare.
[laughs] Yeah.
You can overcome anything
if you keep working at it. Jess.
I've watched you do it before.
[playful cheerful music plays]
It's impossible.
[Julie] Let's try something
a little more up your alley.
The colors will help you focus. Try again.
Hmm.
"Jesse Martin.
the youngest person
to s-- sail solo
ar-- around the world."
Around the whole world?
You can do that?
[Jess chuckles]
[Jess] I did a full inspection
and I got costs.
And we'll need a new mast.
new rigging. hull repairs.
That is just a slight delay. I reckon.
As long as I'm on the ocean
before November.
-Hello. Earth to Ben!
-What?
Come on. Ben. I'm serious.
We can still do this.
-There's still time to fix up Pink--
-I know.
-[engine starts]
-You coming?
Where to?
Got something to show you.
[gentle acoustic guitar music plays]
-Ben. I don't want another boat.
-Yep.
Pink and I are a team. I know Pink.
I know when she's angry.
-I know when she's in trouble.
-Yeah.
[musical arrangement turns majestic]
[tools whirring]
Rounded up a bit of assistance.
Once the media attacked you.
I couldn't stop 'em
from volunteering to help.
[Jess] Why?
Well. media went after one of our own.
You might be sailing solo.
but you belong to a tribe now.
This gets you on the water
before they pass this blasted bill.
-It's all real. Jess. Look behind you.
-She's here!
[Roger] Hey.
-[Jess grunts]
-[Hannah laughs]
["Brighter Than The Sun"
by Colbie Caillat plays]
Oi. Hannah. don't touch anything! No!
Come on!
♪ Swear you hit me like a vision ♪
♪ I. I. I wasn't expecting ♪
♪ But who am I to tell fate
Where it's supposed to go? ♪
Cloth? Thanks. mate.
♪ You might miss it ♪
♪ See. we got a right
To just love it or leave it… ♪
Okay. just a sec.
♪ 'Cause it ain't every day
You get the chance to say ♪
♪ Oh. this is how it starts… ♪
Right. it's one. two. three. four.
[Hannah squeals] Tom!
♪ Brighter than the sun ♪
♪ Oh. we could be the stars ♪
♪ Falling from the sky ♪
♪ Shining how we want ♪
♪ Brighter than the sun ♪
♪ I've never seen it ♪
♪ But I found this love
I'm gonna feed it ♪
♪ You better believe I'm gonna treat it ♪
♪ Better than anything I've ever had ♪
♪ 'Cause you're so damn beautiful ♪
[Atherton] Hey. Roger.
-Rog. mate. just a quick question.
-[groans]
[crane whirring]
♪ Swear you hit me like a vision ♪
♪ I. I. I wasn't expecting ♪
Hey. Pink.
♪ But who am I to tell fate… ♪
Welcome back.
♪ Oh. this is how it starts… ♪
-[squealing happily]
-[Tom laughs]
[Hannah screams]
-No!
-[Roger] Easy. easy! [laughs]
Can't they take a break for one day?
[Atherton] And calls to stop
Jessica only grow.
Even her father
expressed doubt earlier today.
Rog! Man. how are you feeling
about Jess's collision?
Well. uh. you know.
any teen crashing their vehicle
doesn't exactly fill you
with confidence. does it?
[Roger sighs]
What happened to not talking to the media?
It was a joke.
That you made on national TV.
Uh. he took it out of context. you know?
-Do you think I can't do it?
-[softly] What?
Uh… I don't know.
To be honest. I thought this would be
something you'd fixate on for a month
and then you'd get over it.
Rog. stop.
I'm sorry.
Do you wish I wasn't going?
Hey.
You listen to me. all right?
I want you to achieve
everything that you aspire to.
But… [chuckles dryly]
you're my little girl.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Jess.
Hey. Don't you start.
[Roger sighs] Damn it.
["Skies On Fire" by Paper Aeroplanes
plays faintly on laptop]
You know he doesn't mean it.
He's just scared.
No.
Maybe the journo's right.
maybe I should just… quit.
and sneak out to parties.
Dad definitely doesn't like that either.
Trust me.
[laughs]
You know. people are
always gonna have opinions
on what you should and shouldn't be doing.
But I see how happy you are when you sail.
so just do it for you.
You're very wise.
All right. Surprise time.
-Okay.
-Mm-hmm.
[music stops]
I set up a blog for your trip.
-[Jess scoffs] What?
-Don't worry. I'll run it.
[chuckles]
Then everyone can hear your voice.
'cause I think it's worth listening to.
Sometimes.
[chuckles softly]
Thanks. Em.
Tim Tam?
[vocalizes and flaps lips]
Okay. I'm warmed up.
[gentle intriguing music plays]
-You guys good? Three. two. one.
-Rolling.
And the day has finally come.
In just a few hours
and after several setbacks.
Jessica Watson is set
to embark on her solo voyage.
ignoring her critics
and outrunning the government bill.
Whoo! That's the one. Print that.
[Roger] There you go.
Yeah. thanks. darling.
For when you get lonely.
No. I can't take Kobi Koala.
She's your favorite.
Yeah.
That's why she's just on loan.
Okay?
All right. then I promise
to bring her home safe. yeah?
[Jess grunts softly]
-All right. fast and quick.
-Yeah.
[grunts]
Mmm.
Doing an awful lot to get out of homework.
[both laugh]
Bye. Tom. All right.
[Roger sighs]
-So I packed the chocolate you asked for.
-[chuckles]
-Don't eat it all in one go. all right?
-Thanks. Dad.
I want you to call and give me
your longs and lats twice a day.
Why?
Because if you get them wrong.
I'll know you're stressed.
Using dyslexia to spy on me?
Yeah. that's right.
-No buts. all right?
-[chuckles]
[Roger inhales sharply]
You'll be all right.
[Julie] Hey.
Watch the sunsets.
celebrate the milestones.
and… don't forget to dance in the rain.
[sniffles]
You come back home safe. okay?
[breath trembles] Okay.
[Jess] Do you think she's ready?
Only one way to find out.
It's a good luck charm from my first nav.
[Ben breathes deeply]
Always brought me back. It's yours now.
-Ben. I can't.
-'Course you can.
[bittersweet music plays]
-[Ben] Oh.
-[Jess chuckles]
Go on. Get out of here.
[engine starts]
[family members] Bye. Jess!
[Hannah] Good luck!
Bye!
She'll be okay.
Mmm.
[majestic hopeful music plays]
[breathes deeply]
[grunts]
[water spraying]
All right.
[man] There she is. starting now.
[chronometers beep]
-Four-point-one-three?
-Four-point-one-three.
[grunts]
[exhales heavily]
["Geronimo" by Sheppard plays]
♪ Can you feel it? ♪
♪ Now it's coming back. we can steal it ♪
♪ If we bridge this gap ♪
♪ I can see you ♪
♪ Through the curtains of the waterfall ♪
♪ When I lost it ♪
♪ Yeah. you held my hand ♪
♪ But I tossed it ♪
♪ Didn't understand ♪
♪ You were waiting… ♪
Oh. whoa! All right. Pink!
♪ So say Geronimo! ♪
♪ Say Geronimo! ♪
♪ Can you feel ♪
♪ My love? ♪
♪ Bombs away ♪
♪ Can you feel ♪
♪ My love. my love. my love
My love. my love? ♪
♪ Bombs away ♪
[music continues on headphones]
-[Hannah] Ew. you're disgusting!
-[Tom] My mouth is full.
[both chewing loudly]
Okay. so listen up.
Ben's agreed to work in here
while. uh. he's tracking Jess.
so just give him
a bit of space. all right?
[Hannah] In your dreams…
[continues indistinctly]
What is all this stuff?
Don't touch anything.
-Then don't touch my Weet-Bix.
-Fine.
-[map thuds]
[Roger sighs] All right.
[phone dialing]
-[rings]
-[Emily] Is that Jessica?
-[Julie] I got it! I got it.
-[Tom] Mine. mine. mine!
[Roger] Hey. mate.
27 degrees. 33 minutes south.
and 170 degrees. 30 minutes east.
-[knocks on table]
-Spot on.
[sighs] How are the supplies.
do you have enough?
[chuckles] Dad. I only just left.
-Okay.
-Uh… Oh. no. Jules! Oh. my--
Jess!
[Jess] Hi. Mum!
[chuckles] How's it feel out there?
[Jess] Worth the wait.
[gentle cheerful music plays]
[grunts]
Chuck the rope.
[Ben] Ugh.
I got it.
Just do it!
[Ben grunts softly]
Is that acceptable?
Yep. Thanks. kid.
No one thinks I'm big
or strong enough to do anything.
But I am!
I practice all the time.
whenever I get the chance.
You don't have to prove
anything to me. mate.
Well. that's what girls have to do.
Are you Ben Bryant?
-No.
-Yes. you are.
You lost the tip of your pinky finger
sailing in Antarctica.
I didn't lose it.
-I put it in the drawer.
-Cool.
You've done 12 Sydney to Hobarts
and circumnavigated solo three times.
Is solo sailing good?
Yeah. it's great.
No one talks to you.
I'm trying to get experience
so I can sail the world.
but no one's giving me a chance to.
So?
Make your own chance.
Hi. I'm Jess.
Welcome to my video log!
Traditionally. sailors keep log books.
but you can't deprive me
of screen time for half a year. [chuckles]
I'm sure it'll just be my mum
watching. though. Hi. Mum!
[chuckles]
I thought I'd give you a tour
of my home for the next seven months. so…
Here's my kitchen where I'll be cooking.
And here is the nav table where I control
all the electrics and communication.
Uh. my berth. where I'll sleep.
Oh.
[clicks tongue] Dunny.
Uh. and this is where all my food is.
For example…
[dryly] Oh. my God. freeze-dried broccoli.
[chuckles dryly]
Nice one. Dad.
So I'll be sailing unassisted and nonstop.
So if I pull into port. I'm disqualified.
And I have to cross all lines of longitude
and round all four capes
for it to count
as a true circumnavigation.
Here's what I'll be doing.
Okay. here's Sydney.
Going northeast. up past the equator.
then back down south
to round Cape Horn at the tip of Chile.
then across the Atlantic Ocean
to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa.
then over the Indian Ocean
to Cape Leeuwin in Western Australia.
then down around
the South East Cape in Tasmania.
and back up to Sydney Harbor.
So not so much really. [chuckles]
Come on!
All right. so this is the tiller to steer.
but it's on autopilot at the moment.
Uh. the lifeboat is under here.
and in here is the drogue.
It's like a soft anchor.
It slows the boat down during storms
and keeps it stable.
Here's my shower.
although I have discovered
that I left my hairbrush at home.
So I'll just have to use this
for 200 days.
At least the backyard
makes up for it. though.
Hungry. Kobi?
[line tensing. reel clicks]
[phone rings]
Oh.
-Jess.
-Hey.
Uh. ship detection alarms work.
[clicks tongue] Uh.
one just went past northwest of me.
Good to know.
Well. that'll be the last ship
you see for a while now.
How do you know?
Listen.
let that crash be a lesson to you. eh?
You know how to handle it now.
-Did you ever get lonely?
-Oh. sometimes.
-But I know how to get over it.
-How?
-Sing.
-Sing?
You-- You sang?
We're sailors.
That's what we're supposed to do.
[gentle enchanting music plays]
[Ben] Try to get some sleep. eh?
You've just got the first-week jitters.
that's all. Oh! Fish are calling.
-Gotta go.
-Okay.
Come on.
[line snaps]
Oh. bugger!
[water spouting]
[laughs]
[reporter on TV] …the local girl
who is now attracting national attention.
Jessica Watson's family traveled Australia
in a purpose-built double-decker bus
before moving onto a boat
when Jessica was nine.
Now. seven years later.
Jessica is about to cross
the first major milestone in her attempt
to be the youngest person…
There we go.
…to sail solo around the world.
[Atherton] Thanks. Susie.
The real danger. of course.
will be the Indian and Southern Oceans.
where dozens of sailors.
who are far more experienced
than young Jessica Watson.
have endured knockdown after knockdown.
Didn't need to hear that.
-[Susie] Solo sailors looking…
-Ah. well.
…to circumnavigate the globe
endure many months…
Okay. so crossing the equator
is a big deal for sailors.
You've proven your seaworthiness
and must be initiated
into the Fraternity of Mariners.
Okay. so… [laughs]
South. twenty. fifteen.
ten. five. zero! [laughs]
We crossed from the Southern Hemisphere
into the Northern Hemisphere!
[chuckles] Okay.
for the initiation ceremony…
[gentle sweeping music plays]
[chuckles]
[exclaims]
Quite refreshing. actually.
A toast to King Neptune!
[juice box squirts]
-[Roger] To Jess.
-[all] To Jess! Cheers!
[Julie] I can't believe
she's crossed the equator.
So cool.
[Jess sighs] Red sky at night.
sailor's delight.
Red sky in the morning. sailor's warning.
[moody music playing]
[phone beeping]
[phone rings]
See the forecast?
Yeah. sky says it all.
Yeah. Jess. this is gonna be a big one.
Let's talk game. eh?
I'll change course.
I think you should launch the drogue.
Weather it.
[Jess] Go through the storm?
Well. it's moving fast.
There's no way you're gonna outrun it.
But that also means
it's gonna pass quickly.
-Thank God.
-W-- Hang on. hang on.
We agreed to do whatever's safest.
Storms in this region aren't common. Dad.
It's hard to judge.
[Ben] It's like an anchor.
The drogue will keep her stable.
She'll be okay.
I think it's our best option. Jess.
It's your call.
Okay.
-[phone beeps]
-Talk to me.
Protocols. Yeah. let's break it down.
I don't know. I don't-- I don't like this.
Ben knows his stuff.
whatever you think of him.
What's more. so does Jess.
-[Ben] You know the drill.
-Yeah.
[suspenseful music plays]
[breathes deeply]
[grunting]
[music intensifies]
[cranking]
-[wave crashes]
-[Jess groans]
[panting]
[exclaims]
[groans]
-[screams]
-[waves roar]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[thunder rumbling]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[thunder rumbles]
[wind whistling]
[waves roar]
[groans and gasps]
[grunts]
Come on. drogue!
[thunder rumbles]
-[grunts]
-[blade swishes]
[thunder crashes]
[groans]
-[chain rattles]
-[groans]
[grunts]
-[waves roar]
-[exclaims]
Whoa!
[grunts]
[groaning]
-[groans]
-[clattering]
[yells and groans]
[clangs]
I have something to tell you.
I want to circumnavigate the world solo.
And I'm gonna be
the youngest person to do it.
Uh. Jess…
[chuckles] What?
[all chuckle]
Jesse Martin did it when he was 17.
He was an ordinary kid. so am I.
Mmm. [quizzically] Mmm?
Don't worry. I've got a plan.
I'll get a teacher. qualifications.
Here's a list of all the things I'll need
and the safety courses I'll do to start.
I'll get jobs to earn money.
and find sponsors to cover the big costs.
and for every hour I sail.
I'll still do an hour of reading.
-[children chuckle]
-Now. that's a good amount of reading!
-She knows her audience.
-Yeah.
Well. uh. you'd better start working
through that list. then. Thoroughly.
I think you can do
anything you set your mind to. honey.
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
[groans in pain] Oh.
[phone ringing]
-[phone beeps]
-Jess! You okay?
[Tom groans]
-Yeah. I'm fine.
-What happened? Why didn't you call?
Well. I got knocked out.
but I'm fine.
-[Julie] What?
-Knocked out? Are you okay?
-Do you have a concussion?
-Sick.
-You need a doctor!
-Oh. I didn't pack one of those.
Hey. come on. Jess. listen to me.
Do you have a headache.
ringing in the ears.
or nausea or something?
Dad. please stop. I'm fine.
Is Ben there?
[hand set beeps]
How's Pink?
Yeah. she's all right.
You weren't strapped in. were you?
-I was getting there.
-Well. you should've already been there.
Mother Nature doesn't wait for anyone.
You know that. Jess.
It was a storm.
It doesn't matter.
You have to manage it. You're just lucky
you got through this one.
It was so wild. Ben. I thought we
were gonna go all the way around.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
[dolphins squeak]
[uplifting folk music playing]
[reporters chattering]
Oh. it's Ben. Let's go.
Ben! We just had word
Jess went through her first storm.
Any injuries or damage?
We aren't taking any questions.
but Jess has a blog at this address.
Diversion 101.
It's not that hard. Ben.
[reporter 1] Is there anything
you can add?
[reporter 2] Ben. excuse me.
Excuse me! Just one sec.
She's going through--
-[reporter 1] Wait! Wait. Ben. sorry.
-[Atherton] Jimmy. hold this.
[keyboard clacking]
[Jess] An albatross.
one of the only living things you see
in the middle of the ocean.
They've been watched
by sailors throughout history.
I think I caught a fish!
Okay.
Ooh! Okay.
[screams] Come over here!
Can you see it?
Oh! Hello.
-[Hannah] My turn!
-[gasps]
[Roger] All right! Tom. grub's up!
-[Tom] Yup.
-[Julie] Here you go.
-Eat up!
-[Tom] Thank you.
[Julie] Morning!
-[sizzling]
-[Roger] Ah.
Ben? Here you go.
I don't eat breakfast.
Uh. well. don't then.
but it's here if you want it.
Want to write something?
[sweeping music plays]
[chain rattling]
[phone ringing]
Jess. I got into Sydney Uni!
Oh. my gosh! Em. that's fantastic!
Congratulations. you did it!
I should warn you.
Hannah's already gunning for my bed.
Right.
Oh. you'll be gone before I get back.
Yeah. I'll still run the blog. though.
Jess. I won four medals
at the swimming carnival!
[gasps] Wow. Han! That's amazing!
I wish I could have been there.
And guess what?
Tom has a date.
-Why would you--
-[Jess gasps] What? With who?
-[Hannah laughs]
-Give me the… Okay.
-Jess!
-[Hannah] I want the phone!
[Tom] I don't. I don't!
-I don't know what--
-[Hannah] Yes. he does!
-I'm telling her!
-[Emily] He does! He does!
[Hannah] I'm talking to her
and I'm telling her who it is!
I don't have-- I don't have a date.
-[Emily] He does!
-I don't have a date.
[all laugh]
[waves rolling]
Snap.
[boat creaking]
["Jingle Bell Rock" playing]
-[Roger] Go on. what do you got?
-Boogie board!
-[Roger] What? A boogie board?
-[Julie laughs]
You'll be shocked to hear
that Hannah's riled up on sugar.
Well. she's not the only one.
[laughs] And it's not
even Christmas here yet.
-Oh. is Em around?
-Yeah. hold on!
Em.
Hey. Jess. Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
A Grow Your Own Friend!
Aw. thank you. Em. it's just what I need.
-[laughing]
-Yeah. I hear she's a great listener.
[laughing]
-Hey. my turn!
-Oh. here's Dad.
Merry Christmas. love.
Hey. I hear you've got a new mate.
What have you two
got planned for tomorrow then?
Oh. well. I'm hosting. uh.
but my guests are
a little quieter than yours.
-[squealing]
-[Emily] That's pretty cool. Hannah.
That sounds great!
Mind if I come to yours?
[laughs]
Jess! I forgot. Find the leeks bag.
[Roger] Do you hear that? Leeks bag.
["Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree"
by Brenda Lee plays]
♪ Rockin' around the Christmas tree… ♪
[mutters]
Ben!
Mmm.
Merry Christmas!
Yeah. [clears throat]
[Julie] Come on in.
Merry Christmas. Ben!
-Merry Christmas. Ben!
-Yeah.
Merry Christmas. mate.
-There you are.
-Oh. thanks.
[laughs]
Oh. I love them. Thank you. Tom.
[volume increases]
[sighs]
All right. it's a bit loud.
I'm gonna go now.
Everybody say goodbye to Jess!
-[Emily] We love you!
-Yeah. see you. Jess!
Tom. music!
Yup.
[volume decreases]
-Take this.
-Yeah. Cheers.
[Emily] Yeah. you're like… [laughs]
[Roger] All right. food's on the table!
Come on. you lot.
[sighs and hums]
Hope you're hungry!
Right. cracker time. Han. come on.
Big pull!
-[snaps]
-[Emily grunts dramatically]
-Sorry. Ben.
-[Tom] Ben.
[electric knife whirring]
[snaps]
Hmm.
Ben. what do you usually do for Christmas?
Nothing.
What about your family?
Oh. Uh. don't have one.
Oh.
[knife continues whirring]
-Merry Christmas. [chuckles]
-For me?
Open it. open it!
[Ben] Thank you.
[Hannah] Ben. why is Cape Horn
such a big deal?
Oh! Well…
That is some wicked sailing.
See. that's where the Atlantic
and Pacific Oceans meet.
so you get these powerful winds.
these churning currents.
these humongous waves
-as the oceans smash together.
-[slams table]
[Julie chuckles politely]
That's why that passage
is so sinister.
It's absolutely littered
with a long-lost trail of fingertips.
-[gasps]
-[laughs]
-[clears throat] Uh. Ben?
-Hmm?
Uh. could you maybe be
a little less excited
about our daughter
doing something sinister?
All right.
We talking fast sailing?
-Wicked fast.
-[grunts happily]
-[all laugh]
-Oh. my.
[driving majestic music plays]
[crank whirring]
[Ben] Oh! Whoa.
Look how fast she's going. Bloody hell.
[Roger clears throat]
Oh. not-- not too fast. It's…
-[Tom] She's going quick.
-[Ben inhales sharply]
-Whoa.
-Come on!
We just rounded the Everest
of the ocean. Cape Horn.
and I am happy to report
it was smooth sailing.
And so cool!
I. uh-- I just-- I just can't believe it.
It's like we've passed
our biggest challenge.
Do you hear that?
It's the sound of nothing.
Nothing at all.
There's no wind or waves.
It's been days.
[phone ringing]
[beeps]
You know where I am.
[phone beeps]
[sighs]
[cheerful lively music plays]
I'm gonna sail around the world
and I'm hiring you as my coach.
Tell your parents there's plenty
of coaches at the sailing school.
I know. but I want you to do it.
Well…
I don't sail anymore.
Because of the Millennium Cup. I know.
But if you help
the youngest person in history
sail solo around the world.
people will let go
of what happened with Matt Turner.
They might. but I won't.
[object thuds]
Hey. why-- why do you want
to do this. anyway?
[sighs] 'Cause… no one explores anymore.
You know. there have been
more people in space
than have sailed around the world.
I didn't even know it was something
you can do. but you can. and I want to.
'Cause I'm an adventurer.
You like sailing.
Circumnavigating the globe
is a whole different thing. mate.
Well. that's what I want
to find out for myself.
You're gonna do this
no matter what I say. aren't you?
If I was going to agree to this.
I'm not gonna treat you special.
'cause it doesn't matter out there.
I'll only treat you how I treat myself.
Oi! First rule…
don't do that.
It freaks me out.
[melancholic music plays]
[breathes deeply]
[phone ringing]
-[Roger] That's it. Come on.
-Okay.
-Ben. you've barely slept in days. mate.
-Eh?
-[Roger] Take a break.
-Oh. nah. No. no.
I'm good.
Just. um. waiting on these logs.
What is Jess doing?
[dialing]
[line ringing]
[phone ringing]
[breathes deeply]
[clears throat]
[beeps]
[sighs]
[phone ringing]
Jess?
You've been going backwards
for hours. mate.
Yeah. I was asleep.
So you didn't set the alarms?
Well. barely moved in a week.
how would I know we're going backwards?
Again. that's why
you set the alarms. mate!
Yeah. okay. chill out.
"Chill out"? Hey. this is dangerous. okay?
This is when things go wrong.
when people get hurt.
when people
neglect their responsibilities!
And you. if you keep on like this.
you're gonna get yourself killed!
Yeah? Well. you'd know!
[Roger] Oi! What's going on?
I. uh…
You're right. Jess.
Yeah.
I need to chill out.
[melancholic music playing]
[mutters]
Jess?
[beeps]
[grunts]
[sobbing] There's no wind.
and there's no waves.
and now there's no Ben.
And it's just me.
And I-- I can't get away from myself.
[phone ringing]
[sighs]
I still haven't moved.
Oh. thank God you picked up!
What's going on. Jess?
[voice breaks] Mum.
[Julie] What is it?
[Jess sniffles and sobs]
It's okay. I'm here.
Get it out.
I'm so alone.
No. you're not.
I know how awful it is to feel like this.
But…
it won't last forever.
[sniffles]
I can't tell you
when the wind will pick up.
but… I know that if you keep going.
it will.
Just as it has done
for every sailor before you.
Do you remember the song
I used to sing to you at night?
Yeah.
I want you to search
for the brightest star in the sky.
And every time you look at it.
know that I'm here.
at home…
staring at that same star.
[sobs softly]
I'm with you.
Okay?
Yeah. okay. [sniffles]
[breath trembles] I love you. Jess.
I love you too.
[sniffles]
♪ There's a starman waiting in the sky ♪
♪ He'd like to come and meet us ♪
♪ But he thinks he'd blow our minds ♪
[laughs] ♪ There's a starman
Waiting in the sky ♪
[inhales deeply]
[dishes clatter]
Hi.
Sorry I haven't been here much.
[breathes deeply]
I've been avoiding a lot.
[tender music plays]
[sniffles]
Mmm. the truth is
that living your dream is hard.
And right now it's really hard.
I've been crying for hours.
I'm tired.
I'm sore.
I can't properly stretch
my legs. [chuckles dryly]
[voice breaks] I miss my family.
I miss them a lot.
[Jess sniffles]
And I miss my grouchy advisor…
[chuckles softly]
…who's also my best friend.
[inhales deeply]
Ah. but through it all.
I've tried to be this--
this tough. stoic explorer.
And… [chuckles]
…that's not me. you know?
I'm not always fine.
or strong. or fearless.
Phew! [chuckles] "Fearless."
I'm often terrified!
And I doubt myself.
And…
I think a lot about giving up.
[clicks tongue]
But that's okay.
It's okay.
'Cause there's--
there's strength in being yourself.
You know. I think…
that's as hard as climbing any mountain.
You know. I think there's bravery
in admitting that you're not okay.
Oh. God. it's scary.
It's as scary as…
almost being swept overboard
in the middle of a storm.
Not that I'd know. Mum and Dad.
-[Jess chuckles on video]
-[all chuckle]
So…
I'm Jessica Watson.
Yeah. I'm tough and I'm struggling.
And living my dream is-- is-- is hard.
but it's so worth it.
-[device chimes]
-Even the bad days.
[sniffles]
[sighs sadly]
[hypnotic music plays]
[Jess] Because the world…
Yeah. it can be
a difficult place. but it's…
[chuckles softly]
…it's also really. really beautiful.
♪ Didn't know what time it was ♪
♪ The lights were low ♪
♪ I leaned back on my radio ♪
♪ Some cat was layin' down
Some rock 'n' roll ♪
♪ "Lotta soul." he said ♪
♪ There's a starman waiting in the sky ♪
♪ He'd like to come and meet us ♪
♪ But he thinks he'd blow our minds ♪
♪ There's a starman waiting in the sky ♪
♪ He's told us not to blow it ♪
♪ 'Cause he knows it's all worthwhile ♪
♪ He told me ♪
♪ Let the children lose it ♪
♪ Let the children use it ♪
♪ Let all the children boogie ♪
Pink. you found the wind!
[exciting rock music plays]
♪ Ooh. feel like I'm on it ♪
♪ Ooh. feel like I'm on it. yeah ♪
♪ Many times we said. oh yeah
We said we could reach the sky ♪
♪ Southern cross will light the way
So then we can find the Milky Way ♪
♪ What did you say about the Milky Way? ♪
♪ Ooh. ah. ah. yeah ♪
♪ If we leave now to reach the moon
We'll get there soon ♪
♪ Positive mind ♪
♪ And if they try to explain
We can just hold tight ♪
♪ Dancing to our own tune ♪
♪ Reconnected through the power of love ♪
♪ Nothing can stop us
When we swim to the moon ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ah. ah ♪
♪ Gimme. gimme. ah. ah ♪
♪ Oh. oh-oh ♪
G'day!
♪ Many times we said. oh yeah
We said we could reach the sky ♪
♪ Southern cross will light the way
So then we can find the Milky Way ♪
♪ What did you say about Milky… ♪
Do you mind?
Recycling's over there. It's bin day.
♪ My fortune right on the sea ♪
♪ Flying high. touch the sky. oh. my ♪
♪ Reconnected through the power of love ♪
♪ Positive mind ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ah. ah ♪
-♪ Gimme. gimme. ah. ah ♪
-[music ends]
[snapping shut]
[phone ringing]
-[phone beeps]
-Jessy!
Hi. Dad. Um. any word from Ben?
He's tracking you from his boat.
He's okay.
He just needs a minute. love.
If this weren't nonstop.
we would be pulling into port
for repairs. no question.
I mean. leaking on a boat
is not what you want.
But as long as we've got a clear shot
and an easy run back home.
it should hold.
Pink's designed to correct herself
if we roll over.
as long as there are no leaks.
That's what Ben would say too. I reckon.
[Ben] A lot of rips out there today.
Know what you're doing?
-Go with 'em.
-[Ben] Don't fight it.
[gentle music playing]
The ocean'll always be stronger
than you and every other being.
If you wanna sail. better learn
to get along with Mother Nature.
She doesn't mean you any harm.
she's just doing her thing
and sometimes we get in the way.
Come on then. [sighs]
Let's get in there.
-[chuckles softly]
-[phone ringing]
-[phone beeps]
-[Tom clears throat]
[impersonating] Jessica.
this is the Prime Minister of Australia.
-You can call me K-Rudd if you--
-Gimme this.
[Jess] Hey. Tom. What's up?
To be fair. the prime minister
has been talking about you.
Em. you're home!
Just for the week.
It's crazy. everyone at uni
knows who you are.
-Oh. God. I don't know if I want that.
-Well. then brace yourself.
That picture of you rounding the cape
is in newspapers all over the world.
Everyone's cheering for you.
So please start doing your hair.
Oh. come on. I have a fork for a brush.
[both laugh]
How's uni? Any new boys in Sydney?
Maybe!
Oh. my God. who?
Well…
Hey. uh. could you get Mum on the phone?
Now?
[tense music plays]
Bad weather on the way.
Really bad. Storms.
"Storms." plural?
They're even coming
right at me from Antarctica.
Five times the size of the last storm.
I think you might have to pull into port.
Quit? No.
No. I can't. Not now.
I'm not sure you're gonna have
an option here.
Let me check the sky.
Hey.
Why-- Why are you doing this to me?
[yells] Why couldn't you
just give me a break?
[ominous music plays]
The front's already generating
gale force winds
of 70 knots. with a 40-foot swell.
So will Jessica pull into port
but get disqualified in the process.
or keep going?
Thanks. Craig.
What about cutting through Bass Straight?
It's an option. and could shield her
from the worst of the weather.
[Susie] Though she'd miss the fourth cape.
[Atherton] But she'll live. Susie.
That's what we're talking about
here. isn't it?
Her survival.
Australian teen sailor Jessica Watson
has been confronted by another challenge
in her attempt to become the youngest
person to circumnavigate the world.
[speaking Japanese]
[first reporter continues speaking]
[reporter speaking Spanish]
[speaking French]
[all reporters continue simultaneously]
[Julie] You have nothing to be ashamed of.
Even the most experienced sailors
would pull in too.
Yeah. even Ben would.
Jules.
Yeah. but I'm gonna let everyone down.
You're not letting anyone down.
-Have you even seen your comments?
-What comments?
On your blog.
-[handset beeps]
-Told you how to do this.
No. you didn't.
Yes. I did.
Okay. open your laptop.
Click the link on to any post.
Scroll down and watch.
[sighs]
I can't wait to check
how you're doing every morning.
You're stronger than anyone I know.
[speaking Cantonese]
[gentle hopeful music plays]
There are 14 children
on the council estate
who borrow my computer
to follow your video diary.
Oh. you are such an inspiration
to these kids.
I am going to climb the Seven Summits.
Thank you for making me see
it doesn't have to just be a dream.
I'm 12 years old and I'm also dyslexic.
Following your videos has made me think
that I can also reach my dream
and one day become a pilot.
Thanks for making us
part of your journey. Captain Watson.
I'm gonna call you back.
We are so close.
So. so…
[gasps faintly]
[computer chimes]
One. two. three.
[all] We love you. Jessica!
See you in Sydney!
[all cheer]
There has to be a way.
[hopeful music intensifies]
[tapping on glass]
I just want to get her home.
[Jess] Okay. so I've done
the numbers over and over.
and there is another option.
I could outrun the western storm.
-No. not gonna happen.
-[Jess] Ben. you're back?
Yeah. About that. Jess.
I shouldn't have lost it.
I let fear take over. and I'm sorry.
No. No. no. no. I'm sorry.
-[thunder rumbles]
-Look. I--
What I meant was that I'm not him
and this isn't the Millennium Cup.
and you're not gonna lose me. Ben.
You're stuck with me.
Uh. storm incoming. remember?
Yeah. So the worst of the storms
are gonna hit in 72 hours.
so what if I go through them?
What? These are not
the kind of storms you weather.
No. I don't want to weather them.
I want to move with them
by not using the drogue.
Jess. you have to.
The drogue's what keeps the boat stable.
Yeah. but in the Pacific storms.
it slowed us down like an anchor.
Yeah. that's the point!
Yeah. but then we were battered
by these waves 'cause Pink fought them.
I mean. you said
we shouldn't fight Mother Nature.
So let's work with her.
Let Pink surf.
Wait. she's right.
If you stand in front of the wave.
it knocks you down.
but if you surf with them. it doesn't.
Most of the time.
Yeah. look. without the drogue.
you're gonna be
up against 60-foot waves. Jess.
Yeah. so instead of getting battered
by 'em. we'd ride over them.
Pink being small would actually help.
Is Pink up to this?
You only just patched that crack
in the bulkhead. Will it hold?
You're also exhausted. Jessy.
and the storm sounds like a marathon.
I'm so close.
Hey. don't worry about that.
Making it home alive
is more important right now.
You're gonna have to pull in.
I agree with Ben. Be safe.
No! Cut through the straight.
Yeah. I like that option.
I like the surfer one.
[chuckles]
I'm guessing you vote for "pull in." Dad?
Well… yeah. it's obviously the safest…
Oh. Jessy. uh…
I-- I don't know. I really don't.
I-- I barely sail offshore. but you.
God. you've sailed around the world.
[sighs] Look. you know the ocean.
you know your boat.
I trust that you know what's best.
[tender music playing]
[Julie] Your Dad's right.
You're the captain of that ship.
We will support
whatever decision you make.
[Jess] Thanks. Dad. Thanks. Mum.
I love you.
[chuckles] We love you. Jessy.
Ben. my gut is telling me
to go through these storms.
and I'm not gonna use the drogue.
It won't be easy.
You'll need to be calm. endure fatigue.
It's gonna last days.
I know.
I can do it.
I've got this. Ben.
As long as you understand
the consequences.
I do.
You're the captain. Captain.
[suspenseful sweeping music plays]
-[driver] Pizza for Watson!
-[woman 1] Pizzas!
-[woman 2] Pizzas coming through.
-[woman 3] Grab 'em!
[woman 4] Pizzas.
[people continue chattering]
-Oh.
-[woman 5] Pizza!
[reporter 1] Tom. can we get
some more information. please?
Tom. just a quick second.
Everyone right to go?
Okay. brief statement.
Jess will be tackling the storm.
continuing on in her attempt
to become the youngest to sail…
nonstop and unassisted around the world.
Surely. she should pull in.
The captain has made her decision.
No further questions. thank you.
[reporters] Hannah!
Emily. can we get
a quick statement. please? Emily?
[sweeping music continues]
[thunder rumbles]
[waves crash]
[grunting]
[reporter] Australians have seen
particularly terrifying storms
ravaging the coastlines.
The timing of the storm front is
especially devastating for Jessica Watson.
whose nonstop. solo.
and unassisted circumnavigation
is one cape shy of being completed.
[lightning crashes]
-[breathing heavily]
-[lightning crashes]
[objects clatter]
[gasps] Hold on. crew.
[lightning crashing]
[lightning crashes]
We got this. Pink!
Hey. Ben.
[tense music plays]
Isobars are getting close together.
What does that mean?
The storm cells have merged.
The three fronts
have morphed into one giant storm.
Now. one can only imagine
how Jessica must be feeling right now
as she's about
to face her toughest challenge.
[dramatic musical flourish plays]
[clattering]
[lightning crashes]
[retches and coughs]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[gags]
[lightning crashes]
♪ There's a starman waiting in the sky ♪
♪ He'd like to come and meet us ♪
♪ But he thinks… ♪
♪ There's a starman… ♪
[waves roaring]
[water dripping]
-[dialing]
-[grunts]
[exhales heavily]
[phone ringing]
[phone beeps]
[Roger] Jess. we're all here.
[Jess] Hey. Hey!
Could you talk to me? I need distracting.
I love earthworms!
Nick! Nick. the boy's name's Nick.
Um. what boy? What boy?
And what if I don't make it?
Not an option. mate.
Hey. tell you what. Jess.
You get back in one piece.
I'll take Bowie out of the docks
and sail to Sydney to meet you. Deal?
You'll sail? Like. open waters?
Yeah. yeah. I might even sail
home to New Zealand.
But you gotta get here first.
Yeah. okay. Deal.
[breath trembling]
[exclaims]
Jessy? Jessy. you still there?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. Yeah. Might've had
a point not wanting me to do this. Dad.
I'm scared!
[melancholic music plays]
[Jess] Oh. Oh. Hannah. me too.
But I chose to be here. yeah?
I chose to be here
and I'm never gonna regret it.
Nothing ventured. nothing gained. right?
[computer beeping]
-That's impossible.
-What?
What's impossible? What's impossible?
-What? Tell me. quick!
-Jess!
[both sigh heavily]
[beeping continues]
[grunts]
[crashing]
[creaking]
That's it. Pink. You're doing great.
[lightning crashes]
[groans]
[belt clicks]
[ominous music plays]
[whimpers]
Please. stop!
Please. let her go!
[wave roaring]
[whimpers]
[serene ethereal music plays]
[breathes deeply]
-[phone rings and beeps]
-Jess?
[man speaking indistinctly over phone]
[phone beeps]
Mum?
Her emergency alarm went off.
She's…
15 feet underwater.
[inhales deeply]
[gasps softly]
No.
No. she's all right.
Call her.
[phone dials]
Hey. the phone…
The phone loses signal
in storms. remember?
-It's just the phone.
-[sighs]
It's just the phone.
-[exhales heavily]
-[phone beeps]
[phone dials]
[voice breaks] C-C-Come on. Jess. answer.
[Roger softly] Okay.
-Jess!
-Stop.
-Jess. no!
-Stop. Tom.
No!
[Tom sobs]
[Emily and Hannah sob faintly]
-[Hannah sobs]
-[Emily] I got you.
It's all right.
[breathing heavily]
[sniffles]
[gasps]
-No. [sobs]
-Jules.
No…
-Okay.
-No…
[sniffles]
[continues sobbing]
[boat creaking]
[creaking continues]
[rumbling]
[boat groans]
[suspenseful music plays]
[phone rings]
[gasps] Jess?
[Jess] We made it.
[musical arrangement turns optimistic]
Pink saved me.
[both gasp]
[Tom chuckles softly]
Jess?
Hi. Mum.
You don't know
how good it is to hear your voice.
Oh. God. [laughs]
[Emily laughs]
[Jess] Yours too.
Oh. God. you should see the sky right now.
[Roger] Yeah? Pretty special?
Really special.
Jess. can you come home already?
You're aging me!
[all laugh]
Yeah.
I think I'm ready.
She did it. She bloody did it!
-Come here! Come here!
-[laughs]
-[all laugh]
-[Tom] Jess…
[Ben] You see?
[Roger] You had us worried. Jessy.
-[man] Are we rolling?
-[woman 1] It's Hannah.
[woman 2] Everyone ready?
You got the shot?
Jess has made it through the storm.
She suffered no serious injuries or damage
and is on her way home.
[all cheer]
-[Atherton] Yes!
-[Roger] All right.
All right. All right. all right.
everyone. off the lawn!
All right. I'm trying to grow it.
[cameras clicking]
[ethereal vocal music playing]
[rain pattering gently]
[sighs]
[gears cranking]
[hopeful majestic music playing]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
["Home" by Dotan playing]
♪ Run past the rivers ♪
♪ Run past all the light ♪
♪ Feel it crashing and burning ♪
♪ Till it all collides ♪
♪ Strike a match. lit the fire ♪
♪ Shining up the sky ♪
♪ As it all comes down again ♪
♪ As it all comes down again ♪
♪ To the sound ♪
♪ The sound of the wind
Is whispering in your head ♪
♪ Can you feel it coming back? ♪
♪ Through the warmth. through the cold
Keep running till we're there ♪
♪ We're coming home now ♪
♪ The sound of the wind
Is whispering in your head ♪
♪ Can you feel it coming back? ♪
♪ Through the warmth. through the cold
Keep running till we're there ♪
♪ We're coming home now ♪
♪ We're coming home now… ♪
[Atherton] Over 80.000 people
crowd Sydney Harbor foreshore
to see Jessica Watson. the schoolgirl.
rather. the remarkable young woman
arrive home after 210 days at sea.
a lesson in the power of inspiration.
and the impact that one courageous soul
can have on so many.
including me.
Here we go.
-3:33.
-[woman] 3:33.
Breaker. breaker. she's in. 3:33.
[air horn blows]
[crowd cheers wildly]
[Jess cheers]
[crowd cheering]
She did it.
Yeah!
[Hannah cheers]
Jess!
-[exhales heavily]
-[Emily gasps]
-[sobs]
-[chuckles]
♪ Through the warmth. through the cold
Keep running till we're there ♪
♪ We're coming home now ♪
♪ We're coming home now ♪
♪ The sound of the wind
Is whispering in your head ♪
♪ Can you feel it coming back? ♪
♪ Through the warmth. through the cold
Keep running till we're there ♪
♪ We're coming home now ♪
[reporter] Jessica Watson crosses the line
-after 24.000 nautical miles.
-[gasps]
-Completing her nonstop…
-Oh!
[cheers]
[cheering]
Here! Come. look! Look who's there!
It's Jessica!
[all cheer]
♪ We are coming ♪
♪ We are coming home ♪
♪ The sound of the wind
Is whispering in your head ♪
♪ Can you feel it coming back? ♪
♪ Through the warmth. through the cold
Keep running till we're there ♪
♪ We're coming home now ♪
♪ The sound of the wind
Is whispering in your head ♪
♪ Can you feel it coming back? ♪
♪ Through the warmth. through the cold
Keep running till we're there ♪
♪ We're coming home now ♪
[gentle music plays]
[crowd cheering]
[chuckles softly]
[all gasp and sob]
You're home!
You're really home!
[Jess sobs]
[all sob]
[Emily sobs happily]
[Roger chuckles]
There's some people who want to say hi.
-Oh! You got it.
-[sobs] Hey.
[Tom] Hey! Jess!
[all laugh and sob]
[crowd cheering]
-Look at that!
-Come on!
[man] Welcome back. Jessica.
What a remarkable achievement.
You've done our nation proud.
You now stand tall
as Australia's newest hero.
[crowd cheers]
It's so great to be home.
But I'm actually gonna disagree with what
the prime minister just said. I don't…
[crowd cheers]
I don't consider myself a hero.
I'm just an ordinary girl
who believed in her dream.
You don't have to be anyone special
to achieve something like this.
you just have to find your dream.
believe in it. and work really hard.
Thank you for the amazing welcome.
[crowd cheers]
♪ When I was young
I tried to build a paper plane. but ♪
♪ My head told me no ♪
♪ My parents sat me down ♪
♪ And they tried to explain. but ♪
♪ I had some time to grow ♪
♪ But I stayed up all night ♪
♪ Until I got it right ♪
♪ And in the morning I screamed
"Hey. look. I made it" ♪
♪ When I was young
I tried to build a paper plane. but ♪
♪ My head told me no ♪
♪ But I knew I was special ♪
♪ And when I didn't believe ♪
♪ I'd remember the moments
When my family's waiting for me ♪
♪ And if I had a dollar ♪
♪ From the ones that didn't believe ♪
♪ I could sail away ♪
♪ And live my life at sea ♪
♪ 'Cause I made it ♪
♪ Yeah. oh. I made it ♪
♪ Oh. oh. I made it ♪
♪ 'Cause I made it ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause I made it ♪
♪ Yeah. oh. I made it ♪
♪ Oh. oh. I made it ♪
♪ Mmm. 'cause I made it ♪
♪ Sometimes I think about
Why we do what we do ♪
♪ And the world tells us no ♪
♪ These walls were made to break
And I am breaking through ♪
♪ At times. it's hard to show ♪
♪ And even though I'm scared ♪
♪ I know that I'm aware ♪
♪ That I'm exactly where I'm meant to be ♪
♪ So when I think about
Why I do what I do ♪
♪ It's everything to me ♪
♪ And I knew I was special ♪
♪ And when I didn't believe ♪
♪ I'd remember the moment
When my family's waiting for me ♪
♪ And if I had a dollar ♪
♪ From the ones that didn't believe ♪
♪ I could sail away ♪
♪ And live my life at sea ♪
♪ Oh. 'cause I made it ♪
♪ Yeah. oh. I made it ♪
♪ Oh. oh. I made it ♪
♪ Yes. I made it ♪
♪ Yeah. 'cause I made it ♪
♪ Yeah. oh. I made it ♪
♪ Whoa. oh. I made it ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ 'Cause I made it ♪
♪ We made it ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ We made it ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ We made it ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ We made it ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ We made it out ♪
♪ 'Cause we made it ♪
♪ Yeah. damn. we made it ♪
♪ Oh. oh. we made it ♪
♪ 'Cause we made it ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. 'cause we made it ♪
♪ Yeah. damn. we made it ♪
♪ Oh. oh. we made it ♪
♪ 'Cause we made it ♪
[lilting emotional classical music plays]
[intriguing upbeat music playing]
[gentle cheerful folk music playing]
[musical arrangement turns majestic]
[gentle piano music plays]
[seabirds squawking]